[Integration] Remove Mavericks (#8157)
stripe/stripe-android: CHANGELOG.md

## XX.XX.XX - 2023-XX-XX

### Financial Connections

> * [CHANGED][8157](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-android/pull/8157) Removed Mavericks dependency on Financial Connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CHANGED][8157](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-android/pull/8157) Financial Connections no longer depends on the Mavericks library.
```
